So now did we talk a lot about styling.
Let me make the styling we have in place here a bit more pretty now for Dad and first of all go into
my light Dom add a star selector and set the global box sizing for all my border and for all my elements
to border box and now I'm just really working on the visuals.
This is nothing else although the fun family of san serif so that all my funds have this sensory look
looks a bit nicer already in my opinion.
I will also in my light Dawn get rid of this ugly blue border around my tool tip was just there for
demonstration purposes.
Also get rid of the highlight clause which we are not setting anything.
Let me also get rid of that div with the orange border and get rid of that orange border style up there.
I really just want to make this a bit more pretty.
Before we continue now this looks much better already.
And now let me dive into my web component styles and there for example Ford is overlay when I hover
over this I want to add some padding here and make this look a bit nicer.
Maybe a little drop shadow so Ford is hovering content which of course is this div here and we could
of course also use a C as this clause or ideas here if you wanted to there.
I'll give it as a padding of 1 as 0 1 5 rem border radius maybe of free pixels and a box shadow of 1
pixel 1 pixel 6 pixels and then disk styling which is transparent grey ish look.
If I now reload and I hover over does Fox shadow is missing.
Yeah because I forgot my colon here so let's fix this.
Yeah and this looks much nicer.
Let me also tweak the positioning it has position absolute but I want to move it down a little bit by
setting top 2.
Let's say one room and left also 2 0 7 5 room maybe let's see how that looks like
move it down by 2 REM
Yeah.
Maybe one got 5
right.
I liked his way more looks better in my opinion now I also don't want is text in there to be bold just
because the overall component text is bolded because of host context so I will give my div You're a
font weight of normal so don't use that bold font weight I set for my eyebrow text so no I don't have
that bold styling in there anymore.
And now last but not least there's one other thing when I set this background color.
If I have the important tag then I also want to add a little bit of padding around my component let's
say so that the color does not sit directly on the edges.
And now this looks OK.
This is how I wanted to be.
This is a style I can live with.
Now with that let's move on and let's see which I recall functionalities we can add to our custom Web
components.